Numéro inscription: 87 489

RESOLUTION

At a Special Meeting of the Board of Directors of the UTD Corporation, a body politic and corporate under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, held at Athol in said Commonwealth on the tenth September, nineteen sixty-eight (10 Sept. 1968), the following Resolution, with the prior approval of the majority of its shareholders, both in number and in value, was proposed, seconded and adopted:

"THAT STANLEY L. HOLLAND, President of said Corporation, together with ARTHUR E. HAMM, Secretary thereof, be and are hereby authorized to sign on its behalf a certain Deed of Sale, Transfer and Assignment with Subrogation to and in favour of the UTD Corporation of Delaware, the whole for the price of one dollar ($1.00) and other considerations covering all of the land, buildings, fixtures, machinery and accessories, to be described in said Deed of Sale, Transfer and Assignment with Subrogation, inclusive of all of the rights, interests, claims, demands and/or pretensions of the said Corporation, the whole pursuant with the terms and conditions of an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and between UTD Corporation of Massachusetts and Litton Industries, Inc., and Litco, Inc.

"THAT any and all acts so executed and/or performed by said President and Secretary above shall be fully confirmed and ratified by the UTD Corporation of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts".

This present Resolution so proposed, seconded and adopted at such meeting on the tenth September, nineteen sixty-eight (10 Sept. 1968) at Athol, in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

Stanley R. Holland  
STANLEY L HOLLAND, President

Arthur E. Hamm  
ARTHUR E. HAMM, Secretary

I, ARTHUR E. HAMM, Secretary of the UTD Corporation of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, hereby certify under my oath of office that the above is a true and faithful copy of the Resolution of the Directors of said Corporation, held at its chief place and principal seat of business at Athol, Massachusetts, U.S.A. on the tenth September, nineteen sixty-eight (10 Sept 1968);

AND I HAVE SIGNED

Signed at Athol, Massachusetts  
This 8th day of October, 1968

