=== **Filename: AL_37_20_158_RB_pdf.pdf__page_3.png**


Numéro inscription: 20 158 RB

Two hundred and ninety-ninth leaf. 585  
together with all the buildings thereon situate in the said Villages of Rock Island and Beebe Plain now belonging to the said old Corporation. The above described premises, rights, privileges, easements, titles and estates being the same premises by rights, privileges, easements, titles and estates conveyed to the old Corporation registered September 15, 1913, recorded with Stanstead Division of Quebec, Dominion of Canada, in Register Office, Province of Quebec, Number 14760 Page 484 et seq. And including in the property hereby conveyed all other Real Estate of the old Corporation of every kind and nature and wherever situated, whether in the said villages of Rock Island and Beebe Plain above described and referred to, or in the Villages of Rock Island and Beebe Plain and not above described and referred to and whether in the Province of Quebec, Dominion of Canada, or without the Dominion of Canada, and whether in that Dominion or without the Dominion of Canada, irrespective of the nature or extent of the interest of the old Corporation therein; intending hereby to convey all the lands, tenements, hereditaments and interests in real property of the old Corporation of every character whether of fee or less estate and wheresoever situated. To have and to hold the same with all rights, privileges and appurtenances thereunto appertaining unto and to the use of the said new Corporation, its successors and assigns forever. The said old Corporation covenants to and with the new Corporation, its successors and assigns, that it will and its successors and assigns, shall at any time and from time to time, at the request of the new Corporation execute and deliver to it any new or confirmatory instrument and all convenient instruments or take any steps necessary or convenient to vest in the new Corporation the full right, title and interest of the said old Corporation in all the real estate now owned by the old Corporation in which it may have any right, title or interest, or to enable the new Corporation to realize upon or otherwise enjoy any such property, or otherwise to carry into effect the intent and purposes of these presents. In witness whereof said Butterfield & Company, Inc, a Massachusetts Corporation organized in 1913, has caused these presents to be executed in its name and behalf by J. Henry Drury, its Treasurer hereunto duly authorized and its corporate seal to be hereto affixed, and said Union Twist Drill Company, a Massachusetts Corporation, organized in 1919, has caused these presents to be executed in its name and behalf by W.B. McSkimmon, its Secretary hereunto duly authorized and its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed at the said City of Boston, this Thirty first day of December, 1919. / "Butterfield & Company, Inc, (a Massachusetts Corporation organized in 1913) By J. Henry Drury, Treasurer "Union Twist Drill Company, (a Massachusetts Corporation organized in 1919), by W.B. McSkimmon, Secretary" Signed, sealed and delivered in the presence of "Cecil Elwyn Whitney", Lawyer, Newton, Massachusetts. "Richard S. Pattee" Lawyer, Cohasset, Massachusetts. Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Suffolk, ss. At Boston this Thirty first day of December, 1919, personally appeared J. Henry Drury, Treasurer of Butterfield & Company, Inc, a Massachusetts Corporation organized in 1913, who executed the foregoing instrument and another instrument of like tenor as the duly authorized Agent of the said Butterfield & Company, Inc, and duly acknowledged the same to be the free act and deed of the said Corporation and that he as such Agent duly executed the same, before me, "Arthur H. Morse" Public. (L.S) My Commission expires May 17, 1923. Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Suffolk, ss. At Boston, on this Thirty first day of December, 1919, personally appeared W.B. McSkimmon, Secretary of Union Twist Drill Company, a Massachusetts Corporation organized in 1919, who executed the foregoing instrument and another instrument of like tenor as the duly authorized Agent of the said Union Twist Drill Company, and duly acknowledged the same to be the free act and deed of the said Corporation and that he as such Agent, duly executed the same, before me "Arthur H. Morse" Public. (L.S) My commission expires May 17, 1923. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Office of the Secretary. Boston Jan. 16, 1920. I hereby certify that at the date of the attestation hereto annexed, Arthur H. Morse, whose name is signed to the attached certificate of acknowledgment, proof or affidavit, was at the time of taking the same, a Notary Public for the said Commonwealth, duly commissioned and constituted; that to his acts and attestations, as such, full faith and credit are and ought to be given in and out of court; that as such Notary Public he is by law authorized to administer oaths and take acknowledgments of deeds or conveyances of lands, tenements or hereditaments and other instruments throughout the Commonwealth to be recorded according to law; and that I verily believe his signature to the annexed attestation to be genuine. In testimony of which I have hereunto affixed the Great Seal of the Commonwealth the date above written. "Albert F. Langtry", Secretary of the Commonwealth. (L.S) I, W.B. McSkimmon, Clerk of Butterfield & Company, Inc, a Massachusetts Corporation organized in 1913, certify that at a special meeting of the Board of Directors of the said Company, duly called and held at Athol, Massachusetts, on Monday, December 29th, 1919, at 1.00 o'clock in the afternoon, at which a quorum of the Directors was present and voting, upon motion duly made and seconded, the following vote was unanimously passed; Voted: That a deed or deeds of all real property of the Company be executed and delivered to Union Twist Drill Company, a Massachusetts Corporation organized in 1919, and that the President, the Treasurer and the Clerk, or any one of them, be and they hereby are each given full authority to determine the form of such deed or deeds and authorized and directed to execute and deliver the same in behalf of the Company. I, the said W.B. McSkimmon, Clerk of the said Butterfield & Company, Inc, further certify that at an adjourned special meeting of the stockholders of the said Company, duly called and held at 60 State Street, Boston, Massachusetts, on Wednesday, December 31, 1919, at eleven o'clock in the afternoon, at which, of ten thousand (10000) shares of common stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, there were present and voting, either in person or by proxy, nine thousand seventy seven (9077) shares; it was upon motion duly made and seconded by the affirmative vote of nine thousand seventy-seven (9077) shares of the common stock and the negative vote of no shares of common stock, Voted: That the execution and delivery of deeds of all the real property of the Company to Union Twist Drill Company, a Massachusetts corporation organized in 1919, be and hereby fully authorized and approved. And I further certify that the foregoing is a true copy of said votes passed at said meetings and of the record thereof. Attest: "W.B. McSkimmon", Clerk. (L.S) I, W.B. McSkimmon, Clerk of Union Twist Drill Company, a Massachusetts corporation organized in 1919, certify that at a special meeting of the Board of Directors of said Company, duly called and held at Room 1000, 600 State Street, Boston, Massachusetts, on December 30, 1919, at II.30 o'clock in the afternoon at which a quorum of the Directors were present, upon motion duly made and seconded, the following vote was unanimously passed: Voted: That the President, the Treasurer and the Secretary, or any one of them, be and they hereby are authorized and directed to accept in behalf of the Company, deeds and bills of sale, to execute deeds as grantors and bills of sale containing the assumption by this Company of the liabilities of the grantors, the deeds and bills of sale to run from Union Twist Drill Company, a Massachusetts corporation organized in 1910, from S.W. Card Manufacturing Company and from Butterfield & Company, Inc, and that the President, the Treasurer and the Secretary, and each of them be and they hereby are given full authority to approve the form of said deeds and bills of sale. I, the said W.B. McSkimmon, Clerk of Union Twist Drill Company, further certify that at an adjourned special meeting of the stockholders of said Company, duly called and held at Room 1000, 600 State Street, Boston, Massachusetts, on December 30, 1919, at II.30 o'clock in the

