=== **Filename: AL_37_171_335_pdf__page_5.png**


Numéro inscription: 171 335

-4-

The vendor makes this solemn declaration conscientiously believing it to be true and knowing that it is of the same force and effect as if made under oath in virtue of the Canada Evidence Act.

4.- The property is not situated in an agricultural zone (zone agricole).

5.- All the mutation taxes have been paid.

6.- The property is not subject to an option or right of first refusal contained in any lease or other document.

7.- No materials constituting a serious threat to the health or security of persons or to the integrity of the property is situated on the land or incorporated into buildings erected thereon.

8.- The heating equipment in the property belongs to him and are free of any debts and privileges.

9.- The Certificate of Location prepared by Christian Lefebvre, Quebec Land Surveyor, on the 7th day of May, 1990, under the number 149 of his minutes, describes the present state of the property and no change has been made to the property since said date.

10.- He has received no notice from any competent authority to the effect that the property is not in conformity with the regulations and laws in force and the property does not derogate from the laws and regulations concerning the protection of the environment.

11.- The property has not been insulated with Urea Formaldehyde Foam.

12.- The property does not serve, in whole or in part, as principal family residence.

OBLIGATIONS

In consideration of the present Sale, the Purchaser obliges himself:

1.- To pay all real estate taxes due and to fall due, including the proportion of those for the current year from these presents and to pay from said date all future instalments in capital plus interest to accrue of special taxes previously imposed, the payment whereof is spread over a period of years.

2.- To pay the costs of these presents, its registration and copies.

3.- To take the property in its present state, declaring to have visited and examined same to his satisfaction and having himself verified with the competent authorities that the use that he intends to make of the property is in conformity with the applicable laws and regulations.

