Registre des mentions

Numéro inscription: 9 348 RB Circ. foncière: Stanstead

DHM de présentation:

Registre des mentions


Numéro inscription: 9,348 RB.  
Registered at the hour of Nine in the forenoon the Eighth day of June nineteen hundred and six./.  
A. Thomas.  
Depy-Registrar.

Reprener vide. N: 10279 of this Vol.  
This Mortgage has been fully paid as appears by a Copy of a Discharge dated the 1st day of December 1908 and registered in this office on the 7th day of December 1908 for the sum of $1000.  
Wm. Thompson Regr.  
1054267778

Swift this 126  
ON this Sixteenth day of May in the year one thousand nine hundred and six. Before Mtre. Charles M. Thomas, the undersigned Notary Public, for the Province of Quebec, residing in the Township of Stanstead, District of St. Francis, said Province, Came and appeared Louis Lavallie, of the Township of Magog, in the said District, Farmer, Who acknowledged himself to be justly indebted to Eugene St. Lizier, of the Township of Hatley, in the said District, Farmer, in the sum of One thousand dollars ($1000.00) current money of Canada for value received by the Debtor from the Creditor before the passing hereof, wherewith said Debtor is content and satisfied. Which sum the said Debtor promises, binds and obliges himself his heirs and assigns to pay to the said Creditor present and accepting thereof for himself his heirs or assigns, as follows, to wit: Fifty dollars in one year; Fifty dollars in two years and the balance of Nine hundred dollars in three years from this date, together with interest on said full capital sum from this date at the rate of six per centum per annum to be computed from the date hereof, payable annually, and to diminish pro rata of each payment made on account of principal until final payment of said capital sum. And in case of the non-payment of any of said capital or interest payments, punctually as aforesaid, then the whole amount of the present obligation shall at once become due and exigible and may be sued for, collected and recovered by the said Creditor without any further delay. And said Debtor doth hereby consent and agree that in the event of the non-payment of any of said interest payments when due as aforesaid, then the interest in arrear and unpaid shall form part of the said principal sum and shall bear interest at the like rate aforesaid from the date of such default. And for security thereof said Debtor doth hereby specially affect, charge and hypothecate, to and in favor of said Creditor: That certain tract of land situated in that Part of the said Township of Magog, formerly constituting Part of the Township of Hatley, known and designated upon the Official Cadastral Plan and in the Book of Reference of the said Township of Magog (formerly Hatley) as the Lot number Fourteen C, (14c) in the Twelfth Range, together with all the Settlements, Buildings and Improvements thereon erected and made. And as further and collateral security for the payment of the said sum of money and interest as aforesaid, the said Debtor hereby binds and obliges himself to keep the buildings erected on said land constantly insured during these presents against loss or accident by fire for the benefit and to the satisfaction of the said Creditor, and to transfer to the latter the policy or policies of such insurance forthwith; failing which the said Creditor shall have the right to effect and maintain such insurance in his own name and to collect and recover from the said Debtor, without any delay, the amount by him expended in so doing, with Interest thereon at the like rate aforesaid. Election of domicile for the execution hereof by the parties to their actual residences above mentioned. Where, etc. Done at Stanstead aforesaid in the office of the said undersigned Notary, the day, month and year first above written, under number seven thousand three hundred and sixty seven and signed by the said parties and Notary, après lecture faite. (Signed) "L. Lavallie", "E. St. Lizier", "Chas. Thomas, N.P". A true copy of the original hereof remaining of record in my office./. "CHAS.M. THOMAS, N.P".  
1054267779

No. 9347.  
Registered at the hour of Nine in the forenoon the Eighth day of June nineteen hundred and six./.  
A. Thomas  
Depy-Registrar.

Dominion of Canada. Province of Quebec. District of Saint Francis. These are to witness that in consideration of the sum of Twenty two Dollars and six cents paid to the Secretary-Treasurer of the Municipal Council of the County of Stanstead by Ammi A. Gustin, of the Township of Stanstead, in the said District, Farmer, being the purchaser at Public Auction of the parcels or tracts of land hereinafter mentioned sold to such Secretary-Treasurer to pay Assessments on the Second day of March, one thousand nine hundred and four, according to the Law in that behalf. The said Corporation of the County of Stanstead doth grant, bargain, sell, confirm and convey unto the said Ammi A. Gustin, his heirs and assigns forever, to wit: The Lots numbers Two hundred and seventy two (272) and Two hundred and eighty one (281) on the Official Cadastral Plan and in the Book of Reference of the Township of Stanstead. To have and to hold the premises hereby sold and conveyed with their and every of their appurtenances, unto and to the use of the said Ammi A. Gustin, his heirs and assigns forever. In witness whereof I, Alfred Neville Thompson, the said Secretary Treasurer of the Municipal Council of the said County of Stanstead have hereunto set my hand and affixed the seal of the said Corporation, this Twelfth day of March, one thousand nine hundred and six. ". N. Thompson", Secretary Treasurer County of Stanstead/(L.S) Signed, sealed and delivered in presence of "E. T. Hay", "A. R. Thomas". Canada. Province of Quebec. District of St. Francis. Alfred R. Thomas, of the Township of Stanstead, in the said District, Deputy Registrar, being duly sworn, maketh oath and saith that on the day on which the same bears date he was present and did see the party to the annexed Deed of Sale or instrument in writing, duly sign, seal and execute the same in his presence and in the presence of Edward T.Hay, of the same place, Gentleman, the other subscribing witness thereto and that the signatures "A.N. Thompson, Secretary Treasurer, County of Stanstead, "E. H. Hay" and "A. R. Thomas affixed to said Deed are of the proper handwriting of the said party and witnesses respectively and this Deponent hath signed. "A.R. Thomas". Sworn before me at Stanstead Plain, in the said District, on this Eighth day of June, 1906./.  "CHAS.4. THOMAS, N.P". (.S) -  
1054267780

No. 9348.  
Registered at the hour of Nine in the forenoon the Thirteenth day of June nineteen hundred and six./.  
A. Thomas  
Depy-Registrar.

This Indenture made the Twenty first day of July in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and six, between Locke Austin Libby, of the City of Hartford, in the State of Connecticut, one of the United States of America, Travelling Salesman, and Lame Flora Nettleton, wife of the said Locke Austin Libby, of the same place, and the said Locke Austin Libby for the purpose of authorizing his said wife, of the one Part, and Butterfield and Company, a body politic and corporate having its head office and principal place of business at the Village of Rock Island, in the District of St. Francis and Province of Quebec, acting in and through its President Colonel Frederick I. Butterfield, of the Town of Derby, in the State of Vermont, one of the United States of America, of the other Part. Witnesseth that for and in consideration of the sum of Two thousand Dollars, current money of Canada, to the said Locke Austin Libby and Lame Flora Nettleton in hand paid by the said Butterfield and Company at or before the execution of these presents, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged by the said Locke Austin Libby and Fame Flora Nettleton, they the said Locke Austin Libby and the said Lame Flora Nettleton hath granted, bargained, sold and confirmed, and by these presents doth bargain, grant, sell and confirm with warranty against all incumbrances unto the said Butterfield and Company, its heirs and assigns forever, all that certain lot and parcel of land situate and being in the Village of Rock Island, in the


127  
Numéro inscription: 9 348 RB  
District of St. Francis and Province of Quebec, and known and described as Lot number Twelve (12) upon the Official Cadastral Plan and in the Book of Reference for the said Village of Rock Island, together with the buildings, betterments and improvements thereon erected and made. To have and to hold the said lot of land and premises hereinbefore granted, bargained and sold, or intended so to be, with their and every of their appurtenances, unto and to the use of the said Butterfield and Company, and its heirs and assigns forever; saving always and excepting a certain servitude established by Deed of Sale passed before witnesses at the Township of Stanstead, the Thirtieth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety one, from the late William G. Libby, of the Township of Stanstead, in the Province of Quebec, to Butterfield and Company of the same place, consisting of the right to take and use the waste water from certain Springs upon the lot of land hereinbefore described and all other rights and privileges thereby conveyed, the whole as will appear enregistered at the Stanstead Division Registry Office at 3. Volume 35. Number 256. In witness whereof the parties have hereunto set their hands and seals the day and year first above written. "Lock . Libby", "Flora Nettleton", "F. L. Butterfield, Pres't". Signed, sealed and delivered in presence of "Charles L. Allen", "Henry H. Goodwin", "W.M. Pike", "A. Gignac". City of Hartford. State of Connecticut. Henry H. Goodwin, of the City of Hartford in the State of Connecticut, one of the United States of America, being duly sworn, makes oath and says, that on the 23rd day of July in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred, he was present and saw Lame Flora Nettleton, one of the parties to the within Lee of Sale or instrument in writing duly sign, seal and execute the same in his presence and in the presence of Charles E. Allen the other subscribing witness thereto, and that the signatures of "Lame Flora Nettleton", "Charles D. Allen" and "Henry H. Goodwin" affixed to the said deed are of the proper handwriting of the said parties. And this Deponent hath signed. "Henry H. Goodwin". Sworn before me at the City of Hartford, in the State of Connecticut, on this 23rd day of July 1900. "William Tucker, Notary Public". (L.S). State of Connecticut. Hartford County.ss. I, George A. Conant, Clerk of the County of Hartford and of the Superior Court of said State, within and for said County, which is a Court of Record and keeper of the Seal thereof, do hereby certify that William Tucker, Esquire, whose name is subscribed to the certificate or proof of acknowledgment of the annexed instrument, was at the time of taking such proof or acknowledgment, a Notary Public within and for said State, dwelling in said County, duly appointed, commissioned and sworn, with authority by the laws of this State to administer oaths for general purposes, and take the acknowledgment of deeds and other instruments to be recorded in this State; that I am well acquainted with his handwriting and verily believe the signature to the said certificate or proof of acknowledgment to be genuine. In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and the Seal of said Superior Court at Hartford, in said County, this 23rd day of July, A. F. 1906. "George A. Conant, Clerk". (L.S). Province of Quebec. District of St. Francis. Wm. M. Pike, of the Village of Rock Island, in the Province of Quebec, being duly sworn, maketh oath and saith, that on the Twenty fourth day of July one thousand nine hundred, he was present and did see Locke A. Libby and Col. Frederick D. Butterfield, two of the parties to the within deed of sale or instrument in writing, duly sign, seal and execute the same in his presence and in the presence of "A. A. Gignac" the other subscribing witness thereto, and that the signatures of "Locke A.Libby", "Frederick I. Butterfield" and "m. M. Pike" and "A. A. Jignac" are of the proper handwriting of the said parties and this deponent hath signed. "Wm. M. Pike". Sworn before me at the Village of Rock Island, in said District, on this 24th day of July, 1900. "C.H. KATHAI", Commissioner of the Superior Court. District of St. Francis.  
1054267781  
No. 9349. Registered at the hour of Nine in the forenoon the Sixteenth day of June nineteen hundred and six. This Indenture made in duplicate this 6th day of June, 1906, between Thomas V. Reed, of the Township of Hatley, of the one Part, and Ray J. Pollard, of Hatley aforesaid, of the other Part. Witnesseth, That for and in consideration of the sum of One dollar and other good and valid consideration, receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged by the said Thomas V. Reed, he, the said Thomas V. Reed, has sold, transferred and made over unto the said Ray J. Pollard his heirs and assigns, all his right, title and interest in and to lots number Two hundred and seven, and the residue of lot number Two hundred and eight, after deducting the part sold to Albert Young on the Official Cadastral Plan and Book of Reference for the Township of Hatley, the whole as acquired by the parties hereto from Andrew and Samuel Cowan, by Deed of Sale executed the 29th day of November, 1904, and registered on the Fourth day of January 1905. In witness whereof the parties have signed these presents at Sherbrooke aforesaid. "T. V. Reed", "Ray J. Pollard". Signed in the presence of "Jean McAllister", "Mabel P. Fox". Canada. Province of Quebec. District of Saint Francis. I, Mabel P. Fox, of the City of Sherbrooke, in said District, being duly sworn depose and say: I was present on the day the annexed Deed was executed and saw the parties thereto sign the same in my presence and in the presence of Jean McAllister, of Sherbrooke, the other subscribing witness, and that the signatures of "T.V. Reed", "Ray J. Pollard", "Jean McAllister" and "Mabel P. Fox" are respectfully the signatures of T.V. Reed, Ray J. Pollard, Jean McAllister and myself. And I have signed. "Mabel P. Fox". Sworn before at Sherbrooke, this 14th day of June, 1905. "R. F. Morris", Com, Sup. et. St. Francis. 1054267782 No. 9350. Registered at the hour of Nine in the forenoon the Sixteenth day of June nineteen hundred and six. On this day the 5th day of June in the year of our Lord, 1905, before the undersigned witnesses, personally came and appeared Ray J. Pollard, of the Township of Hatley, Farmer, who in our presence acknowledged to owe and to be justly and truly indebted unto Lame May Conner, of the Township of Hatley, widow of the late Barney Mcullin, in the sum of Three hundred dollars, currency, for value had and received previous to the execution hereof, which said sum of money the said Debtor hereby promises to pay or cause to be paid to said Creditor her heirs or assigns, in four years from this date, with interest thereon at the rate of six per centum per annum, payable the said interest annually with interest at the same rate on the said interest payments if not punctually paid, the whole of said principal and interest shall be payable by said Debtor at the residence of the said Creditor and said Debtor doth hereby consent and agree that if default be made by him in the payment of any of said interest payments for thirty days after each thereof respectively shall become due then the said principal sum


Signatures numériques

Reproduction du nom du signataire du document numéro 9 348 RB

Aucune signature

Nom du signataire du document 9 348 RB


