127  
Numéro inscription: 9 348 RB  
District of St. Francis and Province of Quebec, and known and described as Lot number Twelve (12) upon the Official Cadastral Plan and in the Book of Reference for the said Village of Rock Island, together with the buildings, betterments and improvements thereon erected and made. To have and to hold the said lot of land and premises hereinbefore granted, bargained and sold, or intended so to be, with their and every of their appurtenances, unto and to the use of the said Butterfield and Company, and its heirs and assigns forever; saving always and excepting a certain servitude established by Deed of Sale passed before witnesses at the Township of Stanstead, the Thirtieth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety one, from the late William G. Libby, of the Township of Stanstead, in the Province of Quebec, to Butterfield and Company of the same place, consisting of the right to take and use the waste water from certain Springs upon the lot of land hereinbefore described and all other rights and privileges thereby conveyed, the whole as will appear enregistered at the Stanstead Division Registry Office at 3. Volume 35. Number 256. In witness whereof the parties have hereunto set their hands and seals the day and year first above written. "Lock . Libby", "Flora Nettleton", "F. L. Butterfield, Pres't". Signed, sealed and delivered in presence of "Charles L. Allen", "Henry H. Goodwin", "W.M. Pike", "A. Gignac". City of Hartford. State of Connecticut. Henry H. Goodwin, of the City of Hartford in the State of Connecticut, one of the United States of America, being duly sworn, makes oath and says, that on the 23rd day of July in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred, he was present and saw Lame Flora Nettleton, one of the parties to the within Lee of Sale or instrument in writing duly sign, seal and execute the same in his presence and in the presence of Charles E. Allen the other subscribing witness thereto, and that the signatures of "Lame Flora Nettleton", "Charles D. Allen" and "Henry H. Goodwin" affixed to the said deed are of the proper handwriting of the said parties. And this Deponent hath signed. "Henry H. Goodwin". Sworn before me at the City of Hartford, in the State of Connecticut, on this 23rd day of July 1900. "William Tucker, Notary Public". (L.S). State of Connecticut. Hartford County.ss. I, George A. Conant, Clerk of the County of Hartford and of the Superior Court of said State, within and for said County, which is a Court of Record and keeper of the Seal thereof, do hereby certify that William Tucker, Esquire, whose name is subscribed to the certificate or proof of acknowledgment of the annexed instrument, was at the time of taking such proof or acknowledgment, a Notary Public within and for said State, dwelling in said County, duly appointed, commissioned and sworn, with authority by the laws of this State to administer oaths for general purposes, and take the acknowledgment of deeds and other instruments to be recorded in this State; that I am well acquainted with his handwriting and verily believe the signature to the said certificate or proof of acknowledgment to be genuine. In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and the Seal of said Superior Court at Hartford, in said County, this 23rd day of July, A. F. 1906. "George A. Conant, Clerk". (L.S). Province of Quebec. District of St. Francis. Wm. M. Pike, of the Village of Rock Island, in the Province of Quebec, being duly sworn, maketh oath and saith, that on the Twenty fourth day of July one thousand nine hundred, he was present and did see Locke A. Libby and Col. Frederick D. Butterfield, two of the parties to the within deed of sale or instrument in writing, duly sign, seal and execute the same in his presence and in the presence of "A. A. Gignac" the other subscribing witness thereto, and that the signatures of "Locke A.Libby", "Frederick I. Butterfield" and "m. M. Pike" and "A. A. Jignac" are of the proper handwriting of the said parties and this deponent hath signed. "Wm. M. Pike". Sworn before me at the Village of Rock Island, in said District, on this 24th day of July, 1900. "C.H. KATHAI", Commissioner of the Superior Court. District of St. Francis.  
1054267781  
No. 9349. Registered at the hour of Nine in the forenoon the Sixteenth day of June nineteen hundred and six. This Indenture made in duplicate this 6th day of June, 1906, between Thomas V. Reed, of the Township of Hatley, of the one Part, and Ray J. Pollard, of Hatley aforesaid, of the other Part. Witnesseth, That for and in consideration of the sum of One dollar and other good and valid consideration, receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged by the said Thomas V. Reed, he, the said Thomas V. Reed, has sold, transferred and made over unto the said Ray J. Pollard his heirs and assigns, all his right, title and interest in and to lots number Two hundred and seven, and the residue of lot number Two hundred and eight, after deducting the part sold to Albert Young on the Official Cadastral Plan and Book of Reference for the Township of Hatley, the whole as acquired by the parties hereto from Andrew and Samuel Cowan, by Deed of Sale executed the 29th day of November, 1904, and registered on the Fourth day of January 1905. In witness whereof the parties have signed these presents at Sherbrooke aforesaid. "T. V. Reed", "Ray J. Pollard". Signed in the presence of "Jean McAllister", "Mabel P. Fox". Canada. Province of Quebec. District of Saint Francis. I, Mabel P. Fox, of the City of Sherbrooke, in said District, being duly sworn depose and say: I was present on the day the annexed Deed was executed and saw the parties thereto sign the same in my presence and in the presence of Jean McAllister, of Sherbrooke, the other subscribing witness, and that the signatures of "T.V. Reed", "Ray J. Pollard", "Jean McAllister" and "Mabel P. Fox" are respectfully the signatures of T.V. Reed, Ray J. Pollard, Jean McAllister and myself. And I have signed. "Mabel P. Fox". Sworn before at Sherbrooke, this 14th day of June, 1905. "R. F. Morris", Com, Sup. et. St. Francis. 1054267782 No. 9350. Registered at the hour of Nine in the forenoon the Sixteenth day of June nineteen hundred and six. On this day the 5th day of June in the year of our Lord, 1905, before the undersigned witnesses, personally came and appeared Ray J. Pollard, of the Township of Hatley, Farmer, who in our presence acknowledged to owe and to be justly and truly indebted unto Lame May Conner, of the Township of Hatley, widow of the late Barney Mcullin, in the sum of Three hundred dollars, currency, for value had and received previous to the execution hereof, which said sum of money the said Debtor hereby promises to pay or cause to be paid to said Creditor her heirs or assigns, in four years from this date, with interest thereon at the rate of six per centum per annum, payable the said interest annually with interest at the same rate on the said interest payments if not punctually paid, the whole of said principal and interest shall be payable by said Debtor at the residence of the said Creditor and said Debtor doth hereby consent and agree that if default be made by him in the payment of any of said interest payments for thirty days after each thereof respectively shall become due then the said principal sum

