Numéro inscription: 9 466 RB

190  
Lonor or of her said husband or any future husband, but to be as and for an aliment- (alimens) to the said Donee and to be and remain wholly insaisissable. The present Donation is thus made and granted for and in consideration of the love and affection which the said Lonor hath for and beareth towards her daughter-in-law the said Loree and in order to provide for her future maintenance. Thus Lone and Passed at the said Township of Stanstead, on the day, month and year herein first before written, under the number seven thousand four hundred and twenty of the Actes of said undersigned- Notary, and signed by the said parties hereto with and in the presence of the said Notary, these presents having been first duly read according to Law. (Signed) "Juliar A. Carpenter", "Lucia & Poole", "Edward G. Wilcox" "Chas. X. Thomas, .P". A true copy of the original hereof remaining of record in my office./. "CHAC.M. THOMAS, N.P".

No. 9466.  
Registered at the hour of Nine in the forenoon the Fourteenth day of September nineteen hundred and six. On the Twenty second day of the month of June in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and six, in the forenoon, Before Xtre. Charles H. Thomas, the undersigned Notary Public for the Province of Quebec, residing and practising in the Township of Stanstead, in the District of Saint Francis, in the said Province, Personally appeared Butterfield & Company, a body corporate and politic, duly incorporated, having its head office and principal place of business at the Village of Rock Island, in the said District of Saint Francis, and herein acting and represented by its Vice-President, General Franklin ü. Butterfield, of the Town of Derby, in the State of Vermont, one of the United States of America, and hereto duly authorized, Tho hath bargained, sold, assigned, transferred and made over, and by these presents doth bargain, sell, assign, transfer and make over, from henceforth and forever, with warranty against all troubles and incumbrances whatsoever, Unto Clarence C. Wells, of the said Village of Rock Island, Superintendent, hereto present and acce, ting thereof Purchaser for himself his heirs and assigns, as follows, that is to say: A strip of land of the uniform width of thirty-three (33) feet, exact measure, to be taken and measured off the Westerly end of the Lot number Twelve (W. end of No. 12) upon the Official Cadastral Plan and in the 30ck- of Reference of the said Village of Rock Island, by a line running parallel with the West end line of said Cadastral lot and at the said distance of Thirty three (33) - feet Easterly the refrom, bounded Westerly by Cadastral Lot number Eleven of said Plan; Southerly by Railroad Street; Northerly by Cadastral Lot number Eight of said Plan- and Easterly by the remainder of said Cadastral Lot number Twelve belonging to the said Vendors, without Buildings, but with all and every the members and appurtenances- thereto belonging, with which the said Purchaser declares to be content and satisfied. The said Vendor is lawfully seized of said sold land and premises by virtue of a good and sufficient title duly registered. The said Company Vendor hereby reserves - for itself and its successors and assigns forever, any and all Spring and Springs of water of every description which shall or may hereafter be found upon said sold land, with the right of ingress and egress to and from said Spring or Springs to lay down- pipes to utilize the water therefrom and to make repairs to said pipes or lay down- new ones whenever necessary. To have and to hold, use and enjoy the aforesaid bargain- ed and sold parcel of land and premises, unto said Purchaser, his heirs and assigns forever, by virtue of these presents, and to enter upon and take possession of the same immediately. The said Purchaser shall build and maintain a good and sufficient- fence upon and along the Easterly line of the said hereby sold land at all times hereafter at his own cost and expense. The present bargain and sale is thus made and in consideration of the price or sum of One dollar, current money of this Dominion, and other good and valid considerations which the said Vendor hereby acknowledges to have had and received of and from the said Purchaser at and previous to the execution hereof, whereof quit in full and forever. And for the execution of these presents the said parties have elected their domiciles at their respective places of residence above mentioned. There, c. Thus Done and Passed at the said Township of - Stanstead, in the Office of the said undersigned Notary Public, on the day, month and year first before written, under the number seven thousand four hundred and twenty- two, and signed by the said parties hereto with and in the presence of the said Notary Public, after these presents were first duly read. "Butterfield & Co, per 7.G. Butterfield, Vice-Pres", "Clarence C. Wells", "Chas. . Thomas, N. P. a true copy of the original hereof remaining of record in my office./.- -"CHAS.M. THOMAS, N.P".

No. 9467.  
Registered at the hour of Nine in the forenoon the Fourteenth day of September nineteen hundred and six. ON the Twenty second day of the month of June in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and six, in the afternoon, Before Xtre. Charles H. Thomas, the undersigned Notary Public for the Province of Quebec, residing and practising in the Township of Stanstead, in the District of Saint Francis, in the said Province, Personally appeared Lame Alice Janet Ferguson, of the Village of Stanstead Plain, in the said District, wife of The Reverend James Billington, formerly of the same place, but now residing at The City of Indianapolis, in the State of Indiana, one of the United States of America, Minister of the Gospel, from her said husband duly separated as to property by reason of their marriage in that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, - called England, with intention to reside and subsequent residence there, and by him duly and expressly authorized for all and every the effects and purposes hereof, by and in virtue of an Act of Authorization by him to her granted, dated and executed before witnesses at Indianapolis aforesaid, the Twentieth day of June instant (1903- duly attested and and annexed to the original hereof for safe keeping and for reference in case of need after having been identified by the signatures of the parties - hereto and the said undersigned Notary, ne varietur, Tho hath bargained, sold, assigned, transferred and made over and by these presents doth bargain, sell, assign, transfer and make over, from henceforth and forever, with warranty against all troubles and incumbrances whatsoever, Unto Albert Clark, of the said Township of Stanstead, Farmer, hereto present and accepting thereof Purchaser for himself his heirs and assigns, as follows, that is to say: Those certain tracts or parcels of land situate and being in the said Village of Stanstead Plain, known and designated upon the Official Cadastral Plan and in the Block of Reference of the said Village of Stanstead as Lot, Part of the Lot number Four, (Part of No. 4) bounded in front towards the North by the highway known as the "Forth Road", Westerly by the land, part of Cadastral Lot number Five, belonging to Charles E. Willoughby representing William Willoughby, and South Easterly by the land of the Massawippi Valley Railway Company, with the Dwelling house and other buildings thereon erected. and 2o. Part of the primitive Lot number Three in the Ninth Range of lots in the said Township of Stanstead, consisting of Three acres- of land in superficies, exact measure, to be taken and measured off of the Westerly end of that portion of the said lot belonging heretofore to William Lee Terrill

