Registre des mentions  
Numéro inscription: 175 111 Circ. foncière: Stanstead  
DHM de présentation:  
Registre des mentions


Numéro inscription: 175 111

IN THE YEAR NINETEEN HUNDRED AND NINETY-THREE,

this twenty seventh

day of May

BEFORE Me PIERRE LANGLOIS, Notary at Sherbrooke, District of Saint-Francis, Province of Québec;

CAME AND APPEARED

MR. NEIL BACHELDER, layman

AND

MRS. CAROLINE GOODSELL, production manager, both residing at 91, Railroad Street Rock Island (QC) JOB 2KO

HEREINAFTER CALLED: "THE VENDOR"

AND

MR. DWAYNE KEELER, Manager.

AND

MRS. LINDA THAYER, Seamstress, both residing at 91, Railroad Street, Rock Island (QC) JOB 2KO

HEREINAFTER CALLED: "THE PURCHASER"

WHO have agreed as follows:

The vendor sells to the purchaser the following immovable property (the "Property"):

DESCRIPTION

A certain piece of land known and designated as being a part of the subdivision number ONE of the original lot number TWELVE (Pt.12-1), upon the official cadastral plan and book of reference for the VILLAGE OF ROCK ISLAND.

The said piece of land is more fully described and bounded as follows:

Starting at the South-West corner of the said lot 12-1, being the starting point of the present description, Point "A"; from thence, towards the North (020

-1-

Division d'Enregistrement-STANSTEAD  
Je certifie que ce document a été enregistré Ce 1993-05-28 - 10:45 année mois jour heure minute sous le numéro 175111 Registrateur 1006576607


Numéro inscription: 175 111

21° 13", a distance of thirty-nine meters and forty-two hundredths (39.42 m) to point "B"; from thence, towards the East (750 12' 55"), a distance of thirty-two meters (32.00 m) to Point "C"; from thence, towards the South-East (1500 59' 26"), a distance of thirty meters and ninety-seven hundredths (30.97 m) to Point "D"; from thence, towards the South-West (2460 43' 08"), a distance of fifty-two meters and eight hundredths (52.08 m) in arc of a circle of one hundred forty-four meters and ninety-seven hundredths (144.97 m) of radius, to Point "A", the starting point of the present description.

Bounded to the West by a part of the original lot number 12; towards the North by another part of the said lot number 12-1; towards the North-East, by another part of the said lot 12-1; towards the South-East, by the Public road (shown on the cadastre).

Having a superficie of one thousand four hundred eighty-one square meters and five tenths (1 481.5 m²), international System.

With buildings erected thereon and bearing under number 91, Railroad Street, Rock Island (QC)

TITLE TO PROPERTY

The vendors are owners of the property having acquired same from Gerald Farrow by deed of Sale passed before Me Pierre Charland, Notary, June 18th, 1992, and registered at Stanstead Registry Office, under number 171,335.

WARRANTY

This sale is made with legal warranty.

TITLE DEEDS

The vendor undertakes to deliver to the purchaser only the title deeds in his possession.

POSSESSION

The purchaser will be owner of the property from this day with immediate possession and occupancy from July 1st, 1993 - 8th, 1993.

DECLARATIONS OF THE VENDOR

The vendor declares and warrants:

- 2 -


Numéro inscription: 175 111

1. The property is free of all privileges, hypothecs, assessments or encumbrances whatsoever, taking into account the fact that the Purchaser shall firstly pay from the purchase price, on behalf of the Vendor and at the latter's cost the only hypothecary debt affecting the property, namely:

Obligation by the Vendor in favor of La Caisse Populaire de Stanstead, passed before Me Pierre Charland, Notary, June 11th, 1992, and registered at Stanstead Registry Office, under number 171,247.

2. There are no other servitudes than those above mentioned affecting the property.

3. All real estate taxes which are due have been paid without subrogation to June 30th, 1993, as regards municipal taxes and to June thirtieth nineteen-hundred and ninety-three (June 30th., 1993) as regards school taxes.

4. All the mutation taxes have been paid.

5. He has received no notice from any competent authority to the effect that the property is not in conformity with the regulations and laws in force.

6. The property is not situated in an agricultural zone.

7. The property is not part of a housing complex.

8. The property has not been part of a housing complex, from which it has been removed as a result of a disposition since the coming into force of the legal provisions prohibiting such disposition.

9. The property is not a classified cultural property or recognized as such and is not situated within an historic or natural area, within a classified historic site, or in a protected area within the meaning of the Loi sur les biens culturels.

10. The property does not derogate from the laws and regulations concerning the protection of the environment.

10.1 No materials constituting a serious threat to the health or security of persons or to the integrity of property is situated on the land.

10.2 The property is not subject to an option or right of first refusal contained in any lease or

- 3 -


Numéro inscription: 175 111

other documents.

11. He is a Canadian resident within the meaning of the Income Tax Act and the Taxation Act and have no intention of changing such residence.

DECLARATION OF THE VENDOR CONCERNING THE GOODS AND SERVICES TAX (G.S.T.) FOR PROPERTY OTHER THAN AGRICULTURAL LAND

The Vendor declares that the property was not, immediately before signature of these presents, an immobilization of the Vendor used primarily in his business, and that he has not presented, and that he commits himself no to present the choice, following the form prescribed by the Minister of Revenue, in virtue of Article 9, part 1 of the annex v of the Law on Goods and Services Tax or the choice in virtue of the Quebec Sales Tax.

The Vendor making this solemn declaration, believing it to be conscientiously true and knowing that it has the same force and effect as if it had been made under oath, in virtue of the Law on the proof, in Canada.

CONSEQUENTLY, the present sale is exonerated according to the dispositions of the Law and Goods and Services Tax and according to the Quebec Sales Tax.

OBLIGATIONS

In consideration of the present sale, the purchaser obliges himself:

1. To take the property in its present state, declaring to have visited and examined same to his satisfaction and having himself verified with the competent authorities that the use that he intends to make of the property is in conformity with the applicable laws and regulations.

2. To pay all real estate taxes due and to fall due, including the proportion of those for the current year from these presents and to pay from said date all future installments in capital plus interest to accrue of special taxes previously imposed, the payment whereof is spread over a period of years.

3. To pay the costs of these presents, their registration and copies for all parties.

ADJUSTMENTS

The parties declare they have made


Numéro inscription: 175 111

between them, the usual adjustments as of June 30th, 1993, in accordance with accounts supplied. If other adjustments are necessary, they will be made as of said date.

DECLARATION CONCERNING A PRELIMINARY CONTRACT

This sale is made in execution of an Offer to Purchase dated and accepted April 21st, 1993, unless conflicting with these presents, the parties confirm that the agreements contained in the preliminary contract, even not reproduced herein, will survive the execution of these presents.

PRICE

This sale is made for the price of FOURTY-THREE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($43,000.00) paid by the purchaser, for which the vendor grants final acquittance.

CIVIL STATUS AND MATRIMONIAL REGIME

The Vendors declare to be married together, only once, under the regime of community as to property, no marriage covenant having been entered between them, before or after their marriage solemnized at Stanstead, on the 7th day of November, 1959, that they were both domiciled in the Province of Quebec, at the time of their marriage and after and that neither their civil status nor matrimonial regime have been nor are in the process of being changed.

The Purchasers declare to be married together, only once, under the regime of partnership of acquests, after their marriage solemnized at United ChurchRock Island on the 1st day of June, 1991, that they were both domiciled in the Province of Quebec, at the time of their marriage and after and that neither their civil status nor matrimonial regime have been nor are in the process of being changed.

PARTICULARS REQUIRED BY ARTICLE 9 OF THE ACT TO AUTHORIZE MUNICIPALITIES TO COLLECT DUTIES ON TRANSFERS OF IMMOVEABLES

(Municipality of the Town of Rock Island)

- The value of the counterpart is FOURTY-THREE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($43,000.00)

- The mutation right is

- 5 -


Numéro inscription: 175 111

TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTEEN DOLLARS ($215.00) representing the percentage prescribed by law on the value of the counterpart.

WHEREOF ACTE, at Stanstead, under number ten thousand nine hundred and two (10,902) of the minutes of the undersigned notary.

AND AFTER DUE READING, the appearers have signed with and in the presence of the undersigned notary, three letters and five figures crossed out are null

"Neil Bachelder"

"Caroline Goodsell"

"Linda Thayer"

"Dwayne Keeler"

Pierre Langlois, Notary

True copy of the minute remaining in my office.


Signatures numériques

Reproduction du nom du signataire du document numéro 175 111

Aucune signature

Nom du signataire du document 175 111


