Numéro inscription: 17 289 RB

N:17289.  
Registered at the hour of Eleven in the forenoon, the Fourteenth-th day of November, nineteen hundred and sixteen./..

. . . Thomas.  
Depy-Registrar.

all encumbrances whatsoever and clear of all taxes and assessments general and special to the date hereof. Matrimonial Status. The said Vendor declares that he has only once married and that his wife Dame Rose Anne Bélanger is still alive. Possession. The said Purchaser will be the absolute owner of the said properties in virtue hereof and will take possession of the same forthwith. Charges & Conditions. This Sale is made at the charge by the said Purchaser who obliges himself thereto. Ist:- To pay the cost of these presents and their registration. 2nd: To pay all general and special taxes and assessments of any kind whatsoever to accrue in future on the said properties, including his proportion of those for the current year, to be computed from the date hereof. Price. Moreover this sale is made for the price and sum of Three thousand dollars, ($3000.00) currency, which the said Vendor acknowledges and confesses to have had and received from the said Purchaser, whereof quit. Whereof Acte. Done and Passed at Montreal aforesaid on the day, month and year first above written, under number five thousand three hundred and seventy one of the original deeds of the undersigned Notary.and signed by the said parties with and in presence of the said Notary, after due reading hereof. (Signed) "Fernand Préfontaine", "Jno.T. Walsh", "R. Faribault, N.P". True copy of the original hereof remaining of record in my office./..  
"R. FARIBAULT.N.P".-  
ON the Third day of the month of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and sixteen, in the afternoon, Before Mtre. Charles M. Thomas, the undersigned Notary Public for the Province of Quebec, residing and practising in the Township of Stanstead, in the District of St. Francis, in the said Province, Personally appeared "Butterfield Company, Incorporated", a body corporate and politic, duly incorporated, having its chief office and principal place of business in the Province of Quebec, at the Village of Rock Island, in the said District, herein acting and represented by John A. McGregor, of the Town of Athol, in the State of Massachusetts, one of the United States of America, Esquire, the President of the said Company, and in his said capacity duly authorized for the effects and purposes hereof by a Resolution dated and adopted at a regular Meeting of the said Company held on the Eighth day of September, (1915) a copy of which Resolution, certified true by the Secretary of the said Company and having its corporate seal thereto affixed, is annexed to the original hereof, after having been identified by the signatures of the parties hereto and the said undersigned Notary,ne varietur. Who have bargained, sold, assigned, transferred and made over, and by these presents do bargain, sell, assign, transfer and make over, from henceforth and forever, with warranty against all troubles and incumbrances whatsoever, arising by, from or under the acts and deeds of the said Company and not otherwise, Unto The Corporation of the Municipality of the Village of Rock Island, in the said District of Saint Francis, a body corporate and politic, duly incorporated, having its chief office and principal place of business at the said Village of Rock Island, and herein acting and represented by James A.Gilmore, Esquire, - and Edward W. Hovey, both of the said Villege of Fock Island, acting herein in their respective capacities, the former as Mayor and the latter as Secretary-Treasurer of said Village, and in their said capacities duly authorized for the effects and purposes hereof by a Resolution dated and passed by the Municipal Council of the said Village of Rock Island, at its regular Session held on the First day of March last year, (1915), a copy of which Resolution,certified true by the said Edward W.riovey, as such Secretary-Treasurer, is annexed to the original hereof, after having been identified by the signatures of the parties hereto and the said undersigned Notary, ne varietur, present and accepting thereof for the said The Corporation of the Munici- pality of the Village of Rock Island, its successors and assigns, as follows that is to say:-All the right, title and interest that the said Butterfield Company, Incorporated, have in and to any portion of the land covered by a re-survey for a highway or street known as the Beebe Plain road, the said land being now known and designated upon the Official Cadastral Plan and in the Book of Reference of the said Village of Rock Island, as Part of Lot number Twelve, (Part of N№12), a copy of which resurvey and plan thereof, is on record in the office of the said Secretary-Treasurer of the Municipal Council of the said Village of Rock Island, and is hereby referred to for a more particular description of the land hereby conveyed, a blue-print of a portion of the above mentioned "Beebe Plain Poad" is hereunto annexed, identified by the signatures of the parties hereto and said undersigned Notery, that portion of said blue print which is enclosed by red lines represents approximately the land herein and hereby conveyed. That part of said Blue print which is enclosed in yellow lines represents approximately the land which the said Corporation of the said Village of Rock Island conveys to sand Butterfield & Company, Incorporated by a Deed Sale similar to the present one, this day passed before the said undersigned Kotary, as the said hereby sold parcels of land now are and extend, with all and every the members and appurtenances thereto belonging, with which the said Purchaser declares to be content and satisfied. The said Vendors are lawfully seized of said sold land and premises, by virtue of a good and sufficient title duly registered. To have and to nold, use and enjoy the aforesaid bargained and sold lands and premises, unto said Purchaser, its successors and assigns forever, by virtue of these presents, and to enter upon and take possession of the same immediately. This present bargain and sale is thus made for and in consideration of the price or sum of One dollar, current - money of this Dominion, and other good and valid considerations, which the said Vendors hereby acknowledge to have had and received of and from the said Purchaser at and previous to the execution hereof, whereof quit in full and forever. And for the execution of these presents, the said parties have elected their domiciles at their respective places of residence above mentioned. Where, &c. Thus Done and Passed at the said Township of Stanstead, in the office of the said undersigned Notary Public, on the day, month and year first before written, under the number twelve thousand two hundred and twelve, and signed by the said parties hereto with and in the presence of the said Notary Public, after these presents were first duly read. (Signed) "John A. McGregor", "James A.Gilmore, Mayor", "E.W. Hovey, Sec. Treas", "Chas. M. Thomas,".P". A true copy of the original hereof remaining of record in my office. "CHAS.M. THOMAS, N.P."  
ON the Third day of the month of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and sixteen, in the afternoon, Before tre. Charles M. Thomas, the undersigned Notary Public for the Province of Quebec, residing and practising in the Township of Stanstead, in the District of Saint Francis, in the said Province, Personally appeared The Corporation of the Municipality of the Village of Rock Island, in the said District of Saint Francis, a body corporate and politic, duly incorporated, having its chief office and principal place of business at the said Village of Rock - Island, and herein acting and represented by James A. Gilmore, Esquire, and Edward W. Hovey, Insurance Agent, both of the said Village of Rock Island, acting herein in --

N:17290.  
Registered at the hour of Eleven in the forenoon, the Fourteenth day of November, nineteen hundred & sixteen.  
. . . Thomas.  
Depy-Registrar.

