Numéro inscription: 87 489

RESOLUTION

At a Special Meeting of the Board of Directors of the UTD Corporation, a body politic and corporate, under the laws of the State of Delaware, in the United States of America (formerly Litco, Inc.), held at Beverly Hills in the State of California on the 7th day of October, 1968 the following Resolution with the prior approval of all of its share- holders, both in number and in value, was proposed, seconded and adopted:

"THAT LUDWIG T. SMITH, Vice-President of said Corporation, together with FRANCIS L. CROWLEY, Jr., Assistant Secretary thereof, be and are hereby authorized to sign on its behalf as the Purchaser, a certain Deed of Sale, Transfer and Assignment with Subrogation from the UTD Corporation, a body politic and corporate under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and to pay and satisfy the price of one dollar ($1.00) and other valid considerations, covering all the lands, buildings, fixtures, machinery and accessories, to be described in said Deed of Sale, Transfer and Assignment with Subrogation, inclusive of all of the rights, interests, claims, demands and/or pretensions of the Party of the First Part, the whole pursuant to the terms and conditions of an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and between the UTD Corporation of Massachusetts and Litton Industries, Inc., and Litco, Inc.

"THAT any and all acts so executed and/or performed by said Vice-President and Assistant Secretary above shall be fully confirmed and ratified by the UTD Corporation of Delaware in the United States of America".

This present Resolution so proposed, seconded and adopted at such meeting on October 7, 1968, at Beverly Hills in the State of California.

LUDWIG T. SMITH, Vice-President

FRANCIS L. CROWLEY Jr., Asst. Secy.

I, FRANCIS L. CROWLEY, Jr., Assistant-Secretary of the UTD Corporation of Delaware, hereby certify under my oath of office that the above is a true and faithful copy of the Resolution of the Directors of said Corporation, held at its chief place and principal seat of business at Beverly Hills, California, U.S.A. on the seventh October 1968 (7 October 1968);

AND I HAVE SIGNED

Signed at Athol, Massachusetts  
This 8th October 1968

